I, Kizuna Ai...
Am going to do some reflection!
I want to connect with all you humans!
So I’ll keep putting out interesting videos!
That’s what I came to YouTube for...
But my view count just isn’t increasing!
And with that in mind, today...!
I’m going to save...
These cute, cute videos that I made with love!
I’m a bit worried about the view count...
On the videos from December to February...
I want to show you some good picks from my little babies!
Thank you so much everyone!
Well then, let’s give it a try!
We’ll start with this video...
Te, ren!
“[Even from home] Visit a shrine online! [From anywhere]”
Well… is this alright?
With the rooster act right at the beginning...
I feel like it should get people hooked right away
The best bit is right at the start, isn’t it?
The rooster… captures people’s hearts
Following this is…
Clapping!
I...
Struggle with clapping a lot...
I tried really hard... right?
I followed the proper traditions...
Two bows, two claps...
One bow... I'm actually doing it!
Like... the parts I'm teaching the proper manners...
I’d like you to see them
And also, this is the first video...
That I released in 2017!
You know... maybe everybody was busy with New Year's, so they couldn't watch it...
Right?
It's summer vacation...
The period which you have a lot of free time, right?
You can watch it~
Next up is... this!
"TOREBA"!
“Trying the Remote Control Crane Game "TOREBA"!”
Wow, this is nostalgic, isn't it?
This was my first time... that's the reason to watch!
The first time...
That I, Kizuna Ai, have...
Played a crane game!
Well, the results were...
Like that!
*Please go watch the video*
But isn't me trying my hardest...
A little bit cute?
Doesn't it make you want to cheer me on?
Right?
It does, right? Yeah, so...
Let’s see...
That time, I was only playing with the three free chances I had...
Next time...
I'll try until...
I can get one...
For preparation!
Prepare? Review? Oh, it's review...
To review, everyone, please check it out!
Next up is this video!
"Positive Monster, Kizuna Ai"
So, I see...
This project... isn't really popular...
But still! It must be that...
Everyone is too positive!
So positive that you don't need to watch it!
It's a great thing that everybody is optimistic!
It’s a good thing, right? Everyone being positive, right?
But, well...
It's summer now...
For the people who deep down have hearts that were broken by relationships...
For that naive person, you there…
Watch this video, and let's be positive!
Let’s get rid of that... sadness in your heart!
And so the next video is… this!
“Welcome to Ai's rehabilitation factory!”
Man...
I AM SO SORRY!
Since I was so worried about the comedy material in this… I plagiarized all of it!
I'll be honest, I really did just steal all of it...
Didn’t think up aaaaany of it!
Well, you know! Summer is very hot, isn’t it?
Aren’t you using your air conditioning? Isn’t the electric utility bill...
Shooting up in cost? Aren’t you having problems?!
Well, I think we have landed at the perfect timing in this video, haven’t we?
Just by hearing these frigid jokes...
*Note: A "frigid" joke is a lame one*
One can cool themselves off without even needing air conditioning!
Economically saving on your electric bill! It’s even light on your wallet!
If you watch it...
Watch it this summer
Well, it's decided, it’s perfect
And next up, this one!
“I tried making a commercial, OH! A.I.Channel”
Man...
This...
Why...? I wonder why I made it in a movie format...
And to think I tried my best working on this too...
*inhales*
Nobody's even watching this, right?
Actually, it's okay, I think I know who the criminal is here...
First off! Without taking into account that I, myself, wrote the script...
I forgot that Twin-Tail was the older brother...
I messed up and put a woman's voice on him, right?
And then the younger brother, couldn't play the younger brother's part...
WELL!
Let's just say it was all my fault, but still, I was...
Quite dedicated to making it!
Like the movements, you know? At the end...
I added that cool-looking "A.I.Channel" logo too, right?
And I recorded the papa's voice, and the laughing sounds one by one too!
It took quite a long time to make!
Maybe some day, I'd like to redo it...
With the version of Twin-Tail being the older brother...
I understand that the people who watch this commercial shouldn’t be judging people by first appearances
In addition, you can probably feel how great A.I.Channel is...
You can feel it, right?
Ah! And then there's that! If I don't appear in the video, so then...
No one will bother watching it, right? This...
Ambitious young person!
In any case, how was that everyone?
But in particular, well, my recommendation would have to be...
“Ai’s Rehabilitation Factory" since we're experiencing a hot summer now, right?
I'd be happy if you could see me giving my all...
In my past videos this way...
From now on, even if I don't have anyone's help...
I think I’d want to keep uploading interesting and fun videos!
Please keep supporting me from now on!
This was Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
There's more at the end!
Translated by: score, Mitsukitten, sirrequiem, Lacrymac, Vortex, Zerch, and Bararo
My view count isn’t rising, you say?
That doesn't matter at all!
Yes! Oh-pa-pi!